README.md, before:

# kwiver

> ⚠️ Disclaimer: This is an unofficial, community-driven port of [quiver](https://github.com/varkor/quiver). 
> It is not affiliated with, maintained by, or endorsed by varkor or the original quiver project. 

An reimplementation of the quiver commutative diagram editor.

## Acknowledgments

This project was inspired by and owes much to [quiver](https://github.com/varkor/quiver), a modern graphical editor for commutative diagrams created by [varkor](https://github.com/varkor). 

We gratefully acknowledge the original design, file format, and user experience that made this reimplementation possible.

## JS FFI Boundary

A first-pass browser integration surface is documented in docs/js-ffi-boundary.md and implemented in engine/quiver_ui_ffi.mbt.

## Tokei

```sh
> tokei -e *_test.mbt # fcb5839 feat: create implicit vertices for coordinate-only tikz arrows

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
 Language              Files        Lines         Code     Comments       Blanks
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
 JSON                      1           11           11            0            0
 Markdown                  2          121            0           95           26
 MoonBit                  16        12202        10461          751          990
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
 Total                    19        12334        10472          846         1016
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
```

Commit message:

feat: add browser demo session scaffold and extend tikz import alias coverage

README.md, after:

# kwiver

> ⚠️ Disclaimer: This is an unofficial, community-driven port of [quiver](https://github.com/varkor/quiver). 
> It is not affiliated with, maintained by, or endorsed by varkor or the original quiver project. 

An reimplementation of the quiver commutative diagram editor.

## Acknowledgments

This project was inspired by and owes much to [quiver](https://github.com/varkor/quiver), a modern graphical editor for commutative diagrams created by [varkor](https://github.com/varkor). 

We gratefully acknowledge the original design, file format, and user experience that made this reimplementation possible.

## JS FFI Boundary

A first-pass browser integration surface is documented in docs/js-ffi-boundary.md and implemented in engine/quiver_ui_ffi.mbt.
An end-to-end thin UI-loop scaffold package is available in browser_demo/.

## Tokei

```sh
> tokei -e *_test.mbt # fcb5839 feat: create implicit vertices for coordinate-only tikz arrows

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
 Language              Files        Lines         Code     Comments       Blanks
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
 JSON                      1           11           11            0            0
 Markdown                  2          121            0           95           26
 MoonBit                  16        12202        10461          751          990
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
 Total                    19        12334        10472          846         1016
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
```
